Suzuki had a lot of catching up to do in
2007 and it knew it much like its former
250f partner Kawasaki did in 2006 Suzuki
has unveiled an incredible aluminum
frame machine of its own one the swap
Keawe suspension first set of show us
the ole engineer spent over a year
designing and perfecting this all-new
arm z250 the squadron of Suzuki guys
were on hand to share their enthusiasm
for the bike at the recent American
press launch as they say how to toot is
infectious and it wasn't long before the
men in yellow had us amped up for some
track time with plenty of technology
borrowed from the race proven rmz 450
the small bore thumper is teaming with
potential Suzuki is hoping that this new
design will be enough to get it back in
the winner's circle and it seems to have
put the best foot forward
handling characteristics on the bike are
distinctly Suzuki which means the bike
is light and extremely responsive
engineers designed the motor to produce
a strong smooth to liberal with the
major emphasis coming through in the
mid-range
suspension and chassis is certainly up
to the task of handling any kind of
motor train riders learn right away that
the rmz won't get out of source without
a major input which does wonders in the
confidence
the comprehensive layout of Zaka station
motocross park offered plenty of
obstacle types to test the rmz
all-in-all the bike is quite a machine
and Suzuki has every right to expect
great things